Add a warning referencing the history depth (#164)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-monitor: docs/rst/formalia/titlepage.rst

    explicitly activating the statistics module is required. See :ref:`Fast DDS with Statistics module <fastdds-with-statistics>`
    for more details.

.. warning::

>     In case statistical data are not correctly received: only few data arrive or even none,
>     configure the network endpoints publishing statistics data with a less restrictive constraints so
>     the amount of data published does not collapse the communication.
>     Please check the following `documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/statistics/dds_layer/qos.html?highlight=Troubleshooting#statistics-qos-troubleshooting>`_ for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If Fast DDS has been compiled with statistics and they are explicitly enabled and statistical data are not correctly received, only few data arrive or even none,
    configure the Fast DDS endpoints publishing statistics data with a less restrictive memory constraints.
    Please check the following `documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/statistics/dds_layer/qos.html?highlight=Troubleshooting#statistics-qos-troubleshooting>`_ for more details on how to do this.
```

>     Please check the following `documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/statistics/dds_layer/qos.html?highlight=Troubleshooting#statistics-qos-troubleshooting>`_ for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Please check the following `documentation <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/statistics/dds_layer/qos.html#statistics-qos-troubleshooting>`_ for more details.
```
